1. analiza domeniului
2. analiza solutiilor existente
3. implementarea noastra : diagrame, codul se considera anexa

+ comentarii (headers)


*de ales un ide cu plugin care poate lucra cu platforma arduino
*de instalat un simulator ex: proteus

*de analizat simulatoare pentru arduino cu short description
*de analizat ides cu short description

De facut un program unde avem un led si un buton. Cand apasam pe buton - ledul se aprinde.
DE facut si raport.

Domain
Component description
Implementation(scheme)
Proof(video)
Annex(cod sursa)

Components: 

Arduino UNO Rev3 - 
The Arduino Uno is an open-source microcontroller board based on the Microchip ATmega328P microcontroller and
 developed by Arduino.cc.[2][3] The board is equipped with sets of digital and analog input/output (I/O) pins that may be interfaced to various expansion boards 
(shields) and other circuits.[1] The board has 14 digital I/O pins (six capable of PWM output), 6 analog I/O pins, and is programmable 
with the Arduino IDE (Integrated Development Environment), via a type B USB cable.[4]

Switch Push Button Single Pole - 
Number of pins: 2
Mounting hole diameter: 0.500"
Contact form: SPST off-(on)
Contact rating: 3A @ 125VAC
Dimensions: 0.82"(D) x 1.02"(T)
Lead spacing: 0.20"
Terminal type: Solder
Button color: Green


Light-emitting diode (LED) - In a light emitting diode, the recombination of electrons and electron holes in a semiconductor produces 
light (be it infrared, visible or UV), a process called "electroluminescence". The wavelength of the light depends on the energy band gap of the semiconductors used. 
Since these materials have a high index of refraction, design features of the devices such as special optical coatings and die shape are required to efficiently emit light.

VSM Virtual Terminal - The VSM Virtual Terminal enables you to use the keyboard and screen of your PC to send and receive RS232 asynchronous serial data to and from a simulated microprocessor system. 
It is especially useful in debugging where you can use it to display debug/trace messages generated by the software which you are developing.
The Virtual Terminal is specified as follows:
Fully bi-directional - received serial data is displayed as ASCII characters whilst key presses are transmitted as serial ASCII data.   
Simple two wire serial data interface: RXD for received data and TXD for transmitted data.   
Simple two wire hardware handshake interface: RTS for ready-to-send and CTS for clear-to-send. 
Baud rate from 300 to 57,600 baud. 
7 or 8 data bits. 
Odd, even or no parity. 
0, 1 or 2 stop bits. 
XON/XOFF software handshaking in addition to hardware handshaking. 
Normal or inverted polarity for both RX/TX and RTS/CTS signals.


74HC595 - The datasheet refers to the 74HC595 as an "8-bit serial-in, serial or parallel-out shift register 
with output latches; 3-state." In other words, you can use it to control 8 outputs at a time while only taking up a few pins on 
your microcontroller. You can link multiple registers together to extend your output even more. 

4X4 matrix membrane keypad - 
✔ 16 Keys configured into a 4x4 matrix
✔ Arduino and Raspberry Pi compatible
✔ Switch pad has 8 pin female header on end of flat cable
✔ White sticker on back can be peeled off for adhesive mounting

LM016l - The Hitachi HD44780 LCD controller is an alphanumeric dot matrix liquid crystal display (LCD) controller developed by Hitachi. 
The character set of the controller includes ASCII characters, Japanese Kana characters, and some symbols in two 28 character lines. 
Using an extension driver, the device can display up to 80 characters.

